Of course not to mention the private room
Even if I sell you this entertainment club
Give it to you without me telling you who?
It's you simp
Just because you bought the life of the Dynasty Games
Muse binding successful
Don't mess with me about your uncle's system.
alert host
If you can make Yang Meier's favorability reach 100 points
Special rewards will be unlocked
For reward
I endured
I will give you a salary of 3,000 yuan per month
I also want to buy Dynasty Entertainment Club
I don't think you can even afford the cheapest box
This girl
I suggest you stay away from this damn simp
Good idea.
You said I couldn't buy it here
How to make a bet
How to bet
If I bought this place
Don't you kneel down and apologize
If I lose
Whatever your punishment
Mei'er dumped you
Are you in good spirits?
Interesting so
I promised you for my sister
If you can't do it
Just crawl through the crotch of this beast
Learn two more barks
10 more sentences at the end
I am the first simp
Hahaha